" Thank you so much for the superior job well done .
# ) If you want a late checkout , ( after 11 AM ) they charge you $ 15 for the first hour , $ 25 for the second hour , and after 2 PM it 's a full day charge .
# 2 ) If you take the shampoo products home , they will charge you $ 8 per item .
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .
# 4 ) Breakfast is 8 AM to 10 AM .
$ 400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total .
$ 80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables !
$ 9.62 excluding tip with water to drink for the buffet .
' Electric ' blanket on one bed did not heat .
( But this is a certified car from a dealer . )
( By whom , I do n't know .
( For some reason it will not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me ! )
( I am also a little suspicious of all these glowing reviews ... )
( These new car keys are EXPENSIVE to copy , you ca n't just go to WalMart . )
( You can hear the wind while driving on highway .
( it 's by the door , on the hostess stand )
( to both myself and customers ) 3 ) I have never experienced so much rudeness coming from a business .
** Edit : Living on campus at Clarkson University , I have had food delivered before .
+ there is a free cola with every pizza .
10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF .
17th , like over by 16th and 15th YES , I say , one mile west of you .
2 ) The employees constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of being argumentative .
2 . We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators .
45 p for tap water !
A Top Quality Sandwich made to artistic standards .
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .
A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here .
A girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .
A good place to improve your English
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .
A great cinema in a great location .
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting .
A lack of organisation , coupled with the distain for its customers , makes this the worst rental agency I have used .
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always been five - star .
A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room .
A perfect place for a romantic dinner .
A real pleasure training with Natasha .
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good , right ?
A short but wide - ranging menu executed with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street .
A simple follow - up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare .
A slice of heaven in winter park off forsyth !
A thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .
A very well established service with a satisfying outcome .
A well communicated and will be hireing again for another projects ......
A wonderful place , if you want more than just the physical side of yoga .
A wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work .
A&E came out , charged $ 129 fee just to walk in the door .
ALL OF THE TEACHERS THERE ARE SO MEAN THEY GET MAD AT YOU FOR NOTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND they 're usually able to help you as a walk - in , and they 're fast .
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT
Absolute horrible service from the parts department .
Absolutely my favorite store in Lawrence , KS
Absolutely the best little motel on the coast !
Absoul is the greatest donair man on the planet .
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish .
After a good few minutes , he asked : " what do you want ? "
After a train ride over the mountains , we enjoyed hiking in the flower - filled Wenatchee hills ( in May ) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River ... and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening ....
After all she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it .
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none , I decided to just pack up and leave .
After complaining on September 10th to National Home Furnishings , Boyles , the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery Service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned .
After firing this company my next pool service found the filters had not been cleaned as they should have been .
After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda .
After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I wo n't be back here !!
After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past , I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location .
After he already put product on my hair he said " I should warn you , I 'm expensive . "
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had , we knew we were in for a treat !
After my sampler & sandwich , I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout , I must say I was impressed , with the great taste & I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me , I think this is better , it s less dry & smoother !
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .
After our meal , our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $ 10 / person to stay and listen to the band , despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list .
After recently relocating to South Bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New Year s Eve dinner .
After searching high and low for a salesman , I was treated like dirt , and we left .
After seventeen days the delivery van showed up at my home minus two pieces .
After that , I just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car .
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit , I will not be returning !!
After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked , it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done .
Again , a great outing for the kids , a frustration for an out of town climber .
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .
All of the people were friendly and welcoming .
All of this started after their oil change .
All the food tasted excellent , and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom , it is awesome .
All these rules are posted in the rooms . )
All were awesome , & I had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers .
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food , is add a whole lot of pepper .
Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula .
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .
Also , I was promised to have my test results emailed to me , but it never happened , and after a few attempts to get Dr. Romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition , I finally gave up and went to a different doctor .
Also , a week after the work , Phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount .
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .
Also , if you are into wine , Alto has the depth of both region , varietal , and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier ( or after 9 pm , bring your own bottle for free ... no corking fee ! ) .
Also after seeing a handful of bullfights , I can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( BAC >= .15 ) .
Also more often than not you end up with a healthy dose of nasty rude attitude from the employees !
Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free , even if you did n't buy your car there !
Also very friendly and the stylists are not in the " been there / done that " mood !
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !
Although the apartments are facing Stokes Street and close to the Bascom Light Rail , the location is surprisingly quiet .
Amazing Pictures at an Amazing Price
Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's , camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH !!!
An Asset to Richmond
An Hour Of Prego Bliss !
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .
And another $ 100 for wrapping the furniture .
And do n't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is , and pardon my French , a jerk .
And from a place that specializes in high quality meat , too .
And he says : You 're at Warwick in Pennsylvania ?
And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus !!
And now 2 months after my last appointment I am better than ever .
And students get $ 5 off , ca n't argue with that .
And the salsa , be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around , you will need them .....
And their breakfast is awesome !!
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?
And this litttle gem of a 7 - table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise .
And worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient .
Andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .
Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people , and the minute you steep into their school , the calm loving atmosphere takes over , and tension and worries stay outside in the street , whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice .
Another Italian restaurant in Collingswood ?
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales person s attention .
Anyhow , after reading some of the other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles .
Anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for this dentist ( a HUGE number compared to the others in the area ) , but that they all have the same unique grammar structure ?
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .
Anyway , after much yelling and cussing I hung up , grabbed a cab , and went to Geno 's .
Apart from that in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge an official complaint .
As I have gone through many reviews sites to see if any provider is providing better services or not , and I have realized that there were many good reviews about Liquidweb also Steven never faced any server issues in his whole hosting .
As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food .
As a nurse I know about drug seekers .
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker .
As a qualified criminal defense attorney , he will work every possible legal " angle " ( leaving no stone unturned ) of your case to achieve the most favorable result possible .
As a very satisfied new customer , I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct Cleaning .
As a yoga studio , I 'm sure you 're all aware that all actions generate karma …
As far as being treated like a drug seeker , that has not been my experience .
As first - time home buyers , my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty , extremely helpful .
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .
Asked for bar - b - que sauce never got it .
Asked why , Rod simply told me that he had to research how to do the amendment ( it was an amended to show that I had purchased a home - nothing out of the ordinary , one would think ) and that took time to figure out .
At 3:15 am on night # 2 , the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room .
At my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses .
At no time during the conversation did the words , " I 'm sorry " ever come out of his mouth .
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed , the next day it had n't .
At the front door of his office , I nearly turned around .
Atmosphere is always fun , the assortment of customers adds entertainment to the meal
Atop Spring Mountain , from the decks of the West porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .
Attentive to the needs of customer .
Attitude of staff very bad .
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .
Awesome bacon egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast .
Awesome haircut at awesome price right here in Palatine !
Awesome service with a smile :)
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June .
BEST PLACE IN AMES
BUT EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY !!!!!!
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .
Bad for business .
Bad service starting from the front desk .
Baffled by the one - star reviews
Barb does an AMAZING JOB , she is always learning new things on how to use her hands and body , to give every person an AWESOME MASSAGE , CALL TODAY AND SCHEDULE YOU MUST SEE HER , YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE SHE IS THE BEST OF THE BEST !
Based on the test results , the home inspector stated that the quality of their job was “ excellent ” .
Bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems .
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .
Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal !
Beats having one " cleaning lady " who took twice as long and did not do a very through job like the " maids " did !
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star .
Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash .
Because they had room to do 5000 , they created the larger amount , and shipped them early .
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .
Before treatment , my food cravings were " out of control " which caused me to be stressed out .
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software .
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY , make sure you stop by Jack -s first .
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .
Besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'
Best Car Dealer in TX
Best Chineese food in the area
Best Cigar lounge on the blouvard .
Best Electrician in Florence
Best Limo Limousine service in all of Dallas
Best Pizzas and Calzones in the City !
Best Stationery store in Bethesda
Best Store In Boothbay Harbor
Best food in northeast
Best fried shrimp in the state !
Best in HR so far !
Best in Memphis
Best jiu - jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !
Best meat pies in Canada
Best money I 've spent on remodeling ever .
Best of all , the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines , usually serve you in 5 minutes or less .
Best of all , there are no ads !!!! !
Best place to sleep !!!!!!!
Beware of Sharayu
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!
Billing takes 15 minutes and back office jobs takes 1 day 's training How fast your support queries get answered ?
Bisconti wanted over $ 300 to fix my laptop and these guys fixed it for $ 90 !
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .
Blue cross has no record of aa reversal .
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .
Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected .
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding .
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing .
Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first .
Bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .
Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )
Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world .
Broad , I say , is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut .
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr , but that does n't impress me .
Bulwark regarding service by Eric
But I 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , I do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .
But I had my cat spayed through their reduced / free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .
But furniture like this will truly be around forever .
But if you like going to the movies , you should love Bowtie .
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !
But not at a risk to other people 's pets .
But now that they are part of a chain , service has slipped .
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .
But otherwise , it can feel pricey for what you get .
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .
But thankfully there are other flowers shops around Norman .
But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern .
But the servers do n't pay attention to you whether it 's busy or not .
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why .
Buy your kids somethin nice with my 2 k bucks .
By samantha Fox
By the age of 24 I stopped going to the dentist .
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .
By the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .
Ca n't wait to go back !!!
Ca n't you make a decent cup of coffee ?
Caldwell insurance has been doing our insurance for a couple years now and they have been extremely thorough .
Call dominos in your town .
Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago , before I ripped out 350 sq ft of ceramic tile ... was told I would need a " dual head concrete grinder " to remove thinset and make a nice " finished " look ( ready for concrete stain ) .
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .
Calls are now forwarded to Malcolm Smith Motorsports down the road .
Can not ask for a better experience .
Cards , wrapping paper , paper , and an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing needs may be .
Cathy ****** Five Stars for Lake Forest Tots .
Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in ( many of them still unresolved as I left ) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds , after I left . . . . as soon as I could .
Cheap Hotel Rome - Thanks for all your help !
Cheap Hotel Rome - thanks for finding us a hotel at the last minute .
Cheapest drinks in Keene !
Check out their wine tastings every Friday night !
Cheese was falling off , so oily and greasy .
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .
Choose this hotel over the Hilton ( which is on the next block ) .
Chuck and Gretchen were very positive , and when Alan 's refused to work on my bike , Chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what Alan 's mechanic would n't do .
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives .
Clean & tidy with good atmosphere & pleasant staff .
Clean rooms , great for the price and cheapest on the exit .
Close to my house , this is the only reason I would go to this particular QT .
Cold , slimy , tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods .
Come back and give HCC a second chance at least !
Comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap .
Comfortable and clean beds , a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out , but we did n't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out !
Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general , Dr. Taylor was the best !
Common room was comfortable and clean , very good room to read or relax . –
Compact 's Corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers , allowing a production increase of over 10 % and a significant energy saving .
Compare to last decade this University is gaining more prestige in International level
Cons : * Server was n't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .
Craft Wonderland with History
Cécile is a hairdresser and has just moved into the neighbourhood .
DINING AT TEXAS ROADHOUSE
DO NT ever go there , not even if your car flips .
Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome .
Daniel and his assistant both did a great job .
Darla is amazing , I would recoment her to anyone .
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!
Decent place to stay , I would stay there again .
Deep tissue massage helps with pain in neck and shoulders
Def going to come back and try this place again .
Definetely going back
Definitely not going to purchase a car from here .
Destiny Allison 's metal sculptures were my favorite .
Did a great job of removing my tree in Conyers .
Did n't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit .
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience ?
Disatisfied customer , I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors .
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .
Do n't get the rooms off the two kitchens .
Do n't go , or you will learn how to waste your money .
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .
Do n't go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry .
Do n't judge a book by its cover
Do n't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides .
Do n't think I 've ever been charged before .
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !
Do n't waste your money on the jukebox
Do n't waste your time or money !
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .
Do not go to this salon , especially if you have to get your hair straightened .
Do nt go to the one by pepco , I got confused !!!
Do the job honest and quickly as possible .
Do your self a favor and do not go to this establishment .
Do yourself a favor , call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..
Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with .
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad ?
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .
Dr. Dorn is his backup .
Dr. Mann killed our pet
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday .
Dr. Ruona , if you read this , thank you for helping me get more healthy .
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor
Dr. Taylor was not only available on a Sunday , but also was able to immediately take care of me .
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me .
Drove all the way over from the highway ... closed at 7 .
Drum and bass as standard .
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .
EVEN IN FRANCE !
EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS TO AMAZE ME !!!
Each of you should be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year !
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius .
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .
Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other , while myself and other customers were completely ignored .
Encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .
Enjoyed this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folks .
Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just ca nt find in a lot of stores .
Essentially , I told him I did n't trust him cause he was a car salesman , but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before coming back .
Even after my fusions , my back continued to hurt , but now it does n't hurt any more .
Even my PA i went to the other day said " it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you " .
Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round , it took us just over one hour start to finish .
Even the least discriminating diner would know not to eat at Sprecher 's .
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !
Even though we were only supposed to have those specific types of pizza , when guests asked for a different type , it was brought out with no charge to us !
Every time I go , Kevin , the manager , will always remember my family and I .
Everyone can get the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want and have the fun of watching it cook .
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process , both initially and then as we went along .
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .
Everyone was so helpful that I can not wait to go back .....
Everything except the display worked fine before I took it in .
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts .
Excellent service , Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .
Excellent service , close to the morse red line stop .
Exile is environmentally conscious and involved heavily in our community .
Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in Richmond !
Expensive for the level of food and the quality of service .
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu , although popcorn is a nice touch !
FHS is a good high school -- c / o 1998
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .
Family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home - cooked with style .
Fantastic Place to buy your next vehicle
Fantastic couple of days .
Fantastic food served without pretense , very reasonably priced wine selections .
Fantastic for kids
Fast Service Called them one hour ago and they just left my house five minutes ago .
Fast and friendly service , they know my order when I walk in the door !
Fast and great service on pool covers
Favorite DD spot in the area !
Favorite place in Tampa .
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .
Filled up on too much beer and hence can not comment on the food .
Finally , it must be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with , because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator .
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 M , no exceptions .
Finally a convenient place close to home .
First , let me state that although I live in NYC , I am not from NYC , I do n't care about baseball and I absolutely love Boston to death ( so beautiful , so clean , so awesome ) .
First let me start out by saying , that I have had very nice pedicures at Lovely Nails on Military Road .
First of all , if you call for an appointment they wo n't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one .
First trip to Canada
Firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick 's , or he would know that Nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .
Fish tacos are my fave simple and filling Highly recommend Mi Pueblo .
Five minutes before my initial lesson , I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready .
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .
Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .
Food is just okay .. wo n't crave it , but would n't mind coming back for a quick meal .
Food was good , but service means a lot to me .
For $ 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .
For a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet .
For a long time , one big source of entertainment missing from the Richmond City Limits was a first - run multiplex .
For cheap Chinese food , this is the place to go .
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .
For instance I asked who owned Mazda and he said with confidence that was GM , which is n't true .
For the quality , the prices ( $ 4 - $ 6 ) have to be the best in town .
For those who care , a good proportion of the my class went on to 4 - year colleges , many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News .
Fresh Design Studio helped jump - start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials : logo , flyers , posters ad design , and more .
Fried rice has NO flavor , it literally taste like water .
Friendly Efficient and overall great place for people in chronic intractable pain
From a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?
From first meeting with them to launch of my website , everything went smooth and on schedule .
From my first encounter at check in to my regrettable check out I found the staff and facility to exceed my expectation .
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .
From the delectable Antipasto Misto to the Spaghetti alla Barese and the Parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .
From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .
From the outside Ichiban looks like it will be terrible .
FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way .
Gates worked 30 % of the time at best .
Gerry , I ca n't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear .
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .
Give yourself the gift of trying this place , to see if it fits you ...
Give yourself the gift of visiting Winterowd Fine Art !
Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship .
Go down 1 block to Super 8 .
Go in and you will not think you are in Chesapeake .
Go next door to the Ball Square Cafe instead .
Go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure .
Go to ATLANTIC WIRELESS !!
Go to the Looking Glass for all your smoking needs !!!!!!!!!!
Go to the website for coupons and join the club - you can get free parking .
God was pleased with that one !
Going back after graduating you r told you get a discount on services nope you do nt .
Going back to have some lab coats done this weekend !
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .
Gone downhill since change in ownership
Good Pizza at a good price
Good food and coffee with a nice atmosphere
Good fun for wing night , food eh , beer list eh ...
Good location and off road parking made our stay very convenient .
Good luck keeping business with that stuck up attitude Dr. Shady .
Good place to be on a Sunday Night .
Good quality Indian food in a pleasant environment
Got put into the wrong room the first night , and were quite surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at 1:00 am !
Got some nice " freshly baked " fruit squares , a personal favorite of mine .
Got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .
Got the tile ripped out , call today , now all the sudden this grinder wo n't leave a finished look AND it 's $ 125 PLUS around $ 75 for the inserts .
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me !!!!
Great , and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville .
Great Limos company int he DFW fort Worth Metro area .
Great Place To Use The Fix appliances Plumbing Air Conditioning & Electric Problems .
Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder !
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .
Great help even near closing time !
Great job master keying our building .
Great job on my roof and the pricing was fair .
Great meats that are already cooked , easy to take home for dinner .
Great name for a great store !
Great place for Antique Lighting !
Great place for embroidery .
Great place for people in chronic pain .
Great place to catch a band or catch up with friends .
Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose !
Great spot to kick back for a cup of joe and a snack .
Great with SEO as well .
Guess what , was not in the initial agreement as well .
HAS MOVED TO 4783 Bay Rd Saginaw , Michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109
HCC 's new nine was a little shaky at first , but the NEW grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course !!
HEAVEN ON EARTHHHHHHH !!!!
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant .
Had it fixed within a few days ( had to order a part ) .
Had to go the the bus boy s station ourselves to get napkins .
Had to keep in mind that the A / C broke , I feel bad it was their opening !
Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !
Half the tables and bar were empty by this point .
Ham s on Friendly ... RIP
Hancocks is one of four fabric stores in Fort Smith .
Hands down , best place in the area !
Happened on to this place while out of town on business , and it was great !
Hard to get into though because of road construction .
Has another store in the st. charles mall .
Have a real mechanic check before you buy !!!!
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !
He also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back .
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .
He also neglected to tell the other person working at the store about a dining room table that I had ordered and that was supposed to be coming in .
He also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks .
He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off ??
He brought fabric books , and pictures of furniture only , which all came way over budget .
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction .
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .
He did nt prescribe pain meds or other drugs , he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable .
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded , so only 4 guests were effected ( no big deal to him ) .
He gives the phone to a girl , she says , I have to have your address , I say , do you deliver to 17th and locust , she says , your exact address , I say 1 - 7 - 0 - 1 Locust , ARe you sure ? she asks ?
He got the pictures back to me quickly .
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s .
He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free .
He is always prepared to go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort is dealt with immediately –
He is my mechanic going forward !
He is very knowledgeable and took the time to explain the repairs to me .
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through .
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation .
He later said that by 2 months he " meant at least two months " .
He listens and is excellent in diagnosing , addressing and explaining the specific issues and suggesting exercises to use .
He preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying , " you do not order what you do not know about " and " you do n't know how pizza is made " .
He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home !
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly .
He really made the visit a pain free one with excellent service !
He responded " we have problem with ' people ' " .
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .
He says : I not know that town , I have to get to work , I 'm in PHILLY .
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive .
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer , i would recommend you go to him .
He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .
He was incredibly informative about the options I had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .
He was patient and adapted when everything did n't go according to schedule on my wedding day .
He was prompt , knowledgable , friendly , clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business .
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .
He was very clean , very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price .
He was willing to talk to me about my specific issues and develop a plan of action .
He will exceed your expectations !
He worked on it right on the back of my car .
Helen is a wonderful place to take you family .
Hello my name is Vera and I 'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in Bellevue , WA. and in Renton WA .
Her answer was short and manner rather rude .
Her flexibility and accessibility made for an easy closing .
Hidden Gem in Alpharetta
High guality pup food at a good price .
Highly recommended for who wants to have website .
Hino Dealer of the Year
His knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning application , ensuring compliance with the building regulations .
Hit or miss on the service .
Hmmm , she says , Then why are you calling here , we do n't go past broad ?
Hmmm ... A person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... SUPPOSEDLY ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .
Hobbs on Mass .
Holly - the owner , knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes .
Hooray for Craggy .
Hopless service , at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised .
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family .
How do you run a cafe , with no refills on coffee - ?
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort ?
How long does it take to train new people at work ?
How these guys can get away with being so rude with people is mind blowing .
However , I did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude .
However , after giving a required $ 500.00 ( NON REFUNDABLE ) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas , I was sorry I did .
However , during the test , they did whatever they can to get my test failed .
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .
However , the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re-trained ( if they ever had any to begin with ) and learn two things : only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting .
However , then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .
However , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .
However , we waited and waited and in the mean time , saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in without signing there names .
However , when he printed out the service quote , I could see that it was NOT the correct tire , and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model .
However , with BNA offering one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility , it may be cheaper to park at BNA .
However upon our arrival no one there ( the inn was open ) .
Huge ammount of time wasted time and elevated blood pressure .
Huge selection and , great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they do n't have what you need .
I 'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I would n't pay their rack rate .
I 'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here , seeing that they do n't just take every dog coming in .
I 'd recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store .
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .
I 'll drive an hour just for their volcano , yum !
I 'll never go back there again
I 'm 22 , and my hairdresser was great ( and not " old " like one of the reviews says ) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to .
I 'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life .
I 'm a guy with tricky hair so getting that right is job # 1 .
I 'm a regular at the HH .
I 'm a single female and I feel safe coming home at night .
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .
I 'm certainly no expert on asian food in fact not even a lover of Vietnamese food but I wanted to try the real things here at A Dong .
I 'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .
I 'm glad I trusted my gut and did n't get sucked into doing business with them .
I 'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer .
I 'm not interested in shopping in a place with people like her ... she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they had made a mistake .
I 'm pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business .
I 'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around .
I 'm really surprised by the negative reviews .
I 'm really thankful for the folks at HR Office .
I 'm sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .
I 'm very frustrated at this point - it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked ( the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through ) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer .
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .
I 've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased !
I 've been a regular customer at this store since it opened , and love the fact that all of the employees are friendly locals .
I 've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best .
I 've been to this shop twice ( once for an inspection and again for an oil change ) and they truly live up to their name : Discount !
I 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .
I 've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !
I 've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive .
I 've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers .
I 've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before , but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels ( whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs ) I would now not recommend this business to anybody .
I 've only had good experiences at Adorn , I was greeted and offered a refreshment .
I 've read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes , like any other doctor s office there is sometimes a wait ( depending on what other patients are being seen for ) and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly ( just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance ) ...
I 've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .
I 've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running , and I have to say it 's one of the best lodging experiences I 've ever had on the coast ... and I 'm even comparing it to the big resorts I 've stayed at !
I 've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was , and all the options for the dogs .
I , along with my friends , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating .
I , nor anyone else in my family , will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again .
I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST , BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK .
I HAD TO ASK THE GIRL WHO BROUGHT MY FOOD AND SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME KNOW .
I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY WAITRESS .
I HATED SUSHI BEFORE BUT NOW I CA NT STOP EATTING IT !!!!!!!
I LOVE MY GYM !
I MAKE MONEY NOT DEAL WITH BROKERS " Wow , can you believe in today s tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles .
I SAY LISTEN : I 'm at 17th and LOCUST , do you deliver there ?
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008 , WHEN MY DAUGHTER S BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT .
I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH , 2009 .
I WAS calling about one board !!
I actually loss 4 pounds after my 1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment .
I admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive .
I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League .
I also appreciate their honesty .
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .
I also mentioned to the reception person .
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .
I also understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not necessarily Starbucks A - team or even full - time .
I always leave loving my hair style .
I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town !
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies .
I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis .
I am definitely going back
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too .
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see ??
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !
I am in love with the giant plate of nachos !
I am just south of Walnut .
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience .
I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!
I am now more at peace and my food craving is about 99 % gone after only 3 treatments .
I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe .
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana , she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me .
I am so glad that we now have a good nail shop on San Mateo Avenue !
I am sure this is a good place to stay from reading the other reviews , but if something unexpected happens in your life , they will not care .
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them .
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way .
I attended it for 2 years , and that was enough .
I availed myself of the wash 'n fold service , taking just about a year 's worth of dirty clothes in and getting back neatly folded , clean clothes in clear plastic bags ( I 'd originally brought them in , in six large yellow garbage bags ) .
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .
I believe he is correct in that he needs my physical address for legal reasons , however , he did not adequately explain this during our session .
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .
I brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in March of 2010 .
I brought it back with 9000 miles .
I brought my car in for a simple emissions test .
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire .
I ca n't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee .
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .
I called 3 times to talked to a manager , never a call back .
I called Home - Excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window , and was happily surprised when they said that they were n't even going to charge me for the replacement screen ... that it would be covered under their guarentee .
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .
I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me , or even just give me an approximate price range .
I called customer service about it because the website specifically states that there are no other charges at the check - in .
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?
I called in my order and upon arriving to pick it up , they got my order confused with someone else s .
I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache .
I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in .
I called the school most probably 10 times before I finally enrolled in a 20 hour package .
I called the store and the clerk giggled , and agreed that it was gross , but said it was not her problem .
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .
I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS .
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful .
I came in and saw Dr. Ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking .
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .
I came in to get a nice gift for my wife .
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers !
I came to La Crosse to go to college , and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here .
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also .
I came upon this store as the building caught my eye .
I can not say enough about this place .
I can not tell you how often I am complimented on my hair ( style AND color ) !
I can rent another machine for like $ 60 that will give it a finished look .
I can tell you we were pleasantly surprised -- BT has taste memory and each time back the food was consistently delicious -- same dishes -- were consistent .
I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get .
I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves .
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it .
I considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did .
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but I go to the Garment District for their service .
I could not understand any his reasons .
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .
I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone .
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .
I did not have a good experience w / Dr. Ghassemlou .
I did the work myself for $ 50 .
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .
I do n't live in Lake St. Louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .
I do n't recommend this place to anyone or even anything to eat .
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .
I do n't want to waste my time with them .
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .
I ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back for more .
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .
I enjoy working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone .
I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School .
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable .
I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors .
I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owner s love of all animals .
I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid , but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $ 160.00 has come through .
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .
I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving ( about 50 % ) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment .
I explained I did not get what I paid for .
I explained that i was already on my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for work at 5 am , but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gon na lock the doors right at 5:30 .
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before .
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .
I felt as if I was in an over priced Olive Garden .
I felt like I was in heaven when I walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm .
I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I would n't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life .
I finally alerted him to his rudeness .
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable .
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai , India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price .
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .
I found the hotel to be amazingly clean , not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises .
I frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch .
I gave Dr. Rohatgi 2 stars because her assistant was very pleasant .
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .
I generally like the BK over the other fast serving restaurants ; however , I regreted to visit this restaurant at my town .
I get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve / cook .
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !
I go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max 's are great !!
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .
I go to see her to have my hair cut .
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17 .
I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station .
I got the order completed , and then questioned the technician since it came out about $ 40 less than I expected .
I got yelled at , literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .
I grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic and was really cynical about city auto repair shops since I moved here , but Phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics around .
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .
I had Hom - Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago .
I had John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced .
I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010 .
I had a dead battery last week and called this company since they were the closest they had very quick service for a Monday morning , thanks again guys .
I had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apart .
I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail .
I had a sampler of IPA , Brawler , Love Stout & ESA .
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson .
I had a surgery date of July 17 , 2008 .
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .
I had my wedding luncheon at this BJ s restaurant , and it was one of the best choices that I made .
I had no problem with my delivery .
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .
I had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .
I had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named Derrick .
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .
I had to cancel my initial lesson 4 times and on the 5th attempt the management was quick enough to associate my cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into taking my initial lesson .
I had to dig in a bag to find one nice feather , what a joke !
I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times .
I had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this was n't possible .
I hate to say check them out just for the salsa , but James , I NEED another jar badly :) All kidding aside , they are a very good company , I have a hard time giving any service biz a 5 star review but they came close .
I have a Saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop I called .
I have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line .
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital .
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened , and the service has been poor each time , the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow .
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago .
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great .
I have been eating Cuban for a long time , sandwiches mainly along with other dishes ..
I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I 've always gone to the Pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown , but when i tried this pho place , it blew the other pho houses away !!
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .
I have been going there since I was a little girl and love the friendly and relaxing atmosphere .
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail .
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone .
I have been going to the Wildwood , NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first .
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off .
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it .
I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires , alignment and state inspection done yesterday .
I have been here before and the service was absoulutely great .
I have been shopping there for over six years now .
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .
I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years .
I have been using Steele Electric for years .
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .
I have eaten here twice in the past year and will not go back and can not recommend it .
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .
I have gotten better results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folks .
I have had all three of my children attend Lake Forest Tots .
I have had my back fused in 2 places .
I have had several dentists in my life , but Dr. Deters is by far my favorite .
I have lived in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse for 2 years .
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .
I have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago .
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .
I have never considered this a real problem as I travel without kids and can fend for myself , but when I had to listen to a ( non-violent ) domestic fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my last stay and I found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours , my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel , or just get over it .
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .
I have never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety .
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .
I have no complaints about the service I received .
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .
I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration .
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .
I have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me .
I have use them four times for fixing items from pushing out a dent in a bumper to fixing the fender on my beloved Miata .
I have used Bright Futures for the last 7 years .
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs .
I have used them once and will use them in the future .
I have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .
I have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style .
I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed .
I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You , and it started out as a decent experience .
I highly recommend Bay View if you are looking for Accommodation in Camps Bay .
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .
I highly recommend Fraiser 's for anyone planning a special event for friends , family or business .
I highly recommend Garage Pros to my friends .
I highly recommend his shop .
I highly recommend picking up a jug of their homemade bloody mary mix - definitely the best .
I highly recommend the four - course tasting menu , which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite .
I highly recommend them to all of my friends !!!! !
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .
I hired this company to unlock my car .
I honestly ca n't rave enough about this place ... it 's really a hidden gem worth checking out !
I hope I can return the favor in the future !
I hope the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes and furniture sitting in someone 's warehouse .
I hope to be back !
I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel .
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !
I just discovered her has a place right near my work ( Color me Phat ) If you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and service in the valley Giovanni Ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice .
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already !
I just had the best experience at this Kal Tire location .
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places , this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it .
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .
I know now where to get all of my wine and beer .
I know that 's ugly ... but she wo n't help you out for anything ... sad story .
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .
I learned more about this doing my own research afterward .
I left my number , or tried to anyway .
I left with a case of BRAWLER !!!! !
I like I Move CA - Los Angeles Movers , they moved me before , but this time they were awesome :)
I like my food hot both ways not warm or cold .
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .
I live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty , quick and inexpensive meal .
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean , and in great condition !
I lived in one that did not face the parking lot .
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !
I love Cuban coffee , colada ... mmmm anyways I found this place and ca n't stop going there , I stop in at least once a week and anytime I 'm in the area for a Cuban coffee or snack .
I love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances .
I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !
I love walking in and not being hassled .
I loved my stay here and if ever back in the area , I will be staying here again .
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .
I mean , I do n't care if he does n't know , but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face , there 's no way I 'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
I mean , that 's the way it works at amusement parks : the longest lines are at the best rides .
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it 's been a refreshing change .
I moved to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 with a 6 - month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months !
I much preferred the one - on - one service here to the experiences I 've had with bigger offices and firms .
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .
I never wait in the waiting room more than two minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless .
I normally do n't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .
I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already .
I own a property management firm and need a contractor with the credentials that Farrell Electric has .
I paid 2 k cash for a truck with a blown motor .
I personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a FAMILY practice ... Warner Family is the place for you .
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !
I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end ( as our building contractor carried out the electrical work ) , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using PJC as our electrical maintenance contractor .
I plan on going again .
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .
I purchased a 2 - year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership .
I purchased a nissan from this dealship .
I purchased four gift items there and had them all embroidered within a week .
I put my foot in the water and it was cool .
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .
I rarely write reviews such as this one , but they certainly deserve anyone 's business !
I really appreciate BJ s for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service .
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl .
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful .
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .
I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser 's .
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience .
I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rate !
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .
I refer to VNHH often and love you guys .
I regularly request Kim 's business cards as I am often stopped on the street and asked " Who does your hair ... I LOVE it !!! "
I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself -- but the second time we went -- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10 am to make the repair .
I saw deer frequently , in fact a small herd were grazing near the lodge .
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL .
I say , NO , I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .
I schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on my tummy .
I sent a customer of mine to you .
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF .
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .
I signed up with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional .
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice .
I sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a sunday afternoon .
I spent $ 2300 on the bedroom suite , which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess .
I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery .
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac .
I then asked if I could have money back in cash .
I then called the 800 number ( which was answered ) and inquired about last minute rates .
I think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers !
I think he could 've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts .
I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that was n't so well - done ( actually , burnt ) .
I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)
I think they 're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking ... not in any hurry .
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !
I think this place is probably really great especially judging by the reviews on here .
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC .
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I did n't feel comfortable driving an SUV .
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .
I thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me and now I could nt be happier .
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold .
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I thought it was rubbish and overpriced .
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .
I took the original piece of metal and rigged it to make due since I had to complete the job .
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .
I tried to stay here for a few nights with my girlfriend , so we asked for a single queen bed .
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .
I understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course , because yes , it is not the same , but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve .
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!
I use their limo services for all of my airport car services and airport transportation needs
I used Birdies for our Annual Walk Against Drugs and Alcohol event .
I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband 's funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me .
I used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when I went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .
I used to eat at places like New China or Green Buffet in Troy , MO - nothing terrible but not that great .
I used to go here almost every day since I work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches .
I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a nightmare .
I used to take my cars there all the time , but management changes hands too frequently , the service has been slow , and they often try to " add on " extra services , which sometimes is not needed .
I used to tan down the street before I was referred to this place by one of my friends .
I v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers .
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW !!
I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop ( that is apparently what you are supposed to do , but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage , so you do n't see them drving up , and they purposely block the front pull - up that all other Sear's use ) .
I walked away .
I walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top , 2 inch long hair on the sides , and 1.5 in the back .
I want my money back !
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need .
I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown .
I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others , as I was the last to get my food .
I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $ 50 fee ( which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving ) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner .
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .
I was born and raised in Toronto , which has a huge West Indian ( Trinidadian , Jamaican , etc ) population .
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .
I was hoping to have found a regular place to eat .
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room .
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .
I was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the Internet salesperson Last name is Balazick sent me this email " AND IF IT WAS WORTH MY TIME I WOULD OF BOTHERED ASWERING YOUR QUESTIONS .
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .
I was not impressed , and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses .
I was ready to buy a new jacket , a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and I walked out because of your obvious lurking
I was recently traveling down I - 24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro .
I was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission !
I was soooo lucky to have used Marlon 's photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with .
I was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty , the shower was dirty with other people s hair in it , the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould .
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !
I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call .
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it .
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .
I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size , to go box set up and quality of the food for the price .
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .
I was very pleased with my experience here .
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .
I was with verizon and I checked my service with tmobile and it was great so I thought I would try tmobile .
I went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later !!
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael .
I went to get my nails filled Friday , by Monday 2 were broken .
I went to ohm after reading some of the reviews .
I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service .
I will 4 - ever be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3 years .
I will NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go to this place again .
I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again .
I will NEVER do business with this company !
I will be back and telling EVERYONE about this clinic .
I will be calling tropics for my companie s next event !
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else .
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection .
I will continue going to Dave at Midas because he is one of the most honest business owners in this town !
I will definitely be bringing my car back for service .
I will definitely refer my friends and family :)
I will gladly recommend you to anyone in need of or looking for a good florist .
I will never go back .
I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $ 25 .
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals .
I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic Canever .
I will never recommend this gym to any woman .
I will never return there again ( and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car ) .
I will probably stay here again because it s cheap and I ca nt afford a better hotel , but do not look forward to it and would definitely not recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers .
I will reccommend his services however / whenever possible !
I wish I could have a slice for every single meal .
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .
I wish there was something good to say about the business , but unfortunately , there is n't .
I wo n't go to anyone else .
I won a golf lesson certificate with Adz through a charity auction .
I wonder if they were going down a hill !
I work 2 hours away but offered my card over the phone .
I work as a Transformational Life Coach .
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb .
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .
I worked with Sam Mones who took great care of me .
I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner 's own unprofessionalism .
I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting .
I would call it the Taj Mahal of the east coast !
I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery , to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros .
I would give the Wildernest inn ten stars of five !
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....
I would highly recommend David to anyone .
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors .
I would highly recommend her services .
I would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere , amazing food , and great customer service !
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done .
I would like to host my upcoming website to Liquidweb.com
I would n't go to anyone else .
I would n't send my dogs there .
I would n't want any other company in my time of need .
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .
I would not hesitate to use him again or refer him to my family or friends .
I would not recommend this shop for anything , not even something as simple as an oil change .
I would not suggest this pizza to anyone !!!
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .
I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .
I would recommend her to anyone !
I would recommend him to anyone .
I would recommend him to everyone !
I would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago
I would recommend them to anyone !
I would recommend them to anyone ..
I would recommend these apartments to anybody !
I would recommend this hotel to anyone .
I would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo .
I would strongly suggest you give them the chance to prove to you that not all people in this world are evil !
I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club 's actual OWNER ?!
IF YOU WANT A STEAK , WELL , THIS IS NOT THE BEST IN GREEN BAY .
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL .
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .
IT S NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT .
If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would .
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .
If I remember , students went to Dartmouth , U. Penn , Duke , BU , William and Mary , Vassar , Howard , and Carnegie Mellon , among others .
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him .
If possible I try the services on myself before I bring in my son .
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !
If they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .
If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this
If you 've been to North County , chances are it 's in your favorites list already .
If you are a handcraft beer person , this is a fantastic place to be .
If you are in Philly you have to come check this place out !
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair do n't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else .
If you are looking for authentic British meat pies , then look know further .
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .
If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup do n't forget to check out the shelters !
If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of £ 30 for 2 two people then go for it .
If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be .
If you can not park in the lot , then you can park in the shopping center 's garage , and walk up to Endo Sushi .
If you check RecWarehouse.com , they do n't list this as a location .
If you enjoy amazing things , you must go to World 's Finest Donair .
If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .
If you have gotten through ordering , dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules , you are finally presented with what you came for .. some tacos that are " ok , " but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle .
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .
If you mention the name Amir you will receive % 10 off at time of purchase
If you must go ask lots of questions about your selections since your expectations may as high as mine were .
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems , I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR .
If you take him here for shots , no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again .
If you want a doctor who will lie to you and say he will operate and then change his mind , and not know what he is talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what you need , when they will not work for you , go to this doctor ... he is the one for you .
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega
If you want cheaply made glass from India and China , this is not your place .
If you want miracles you 'll have to go to 21st St .
If you want the best for your child , do n't hesitate in visiting this wornderful school .
If you watch a lot of fights ( youtube ) and research some of the history ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullfighting ) you will find yourself enjoying it a lot more !
If your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong !
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...
In addition , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia .
In addition to the core treatment , Dr Nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well - being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient .
In fact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and I are treated .
In fact my friend vomited after our meal .
In just 2 - 3 focused lessons , I 'm already now capable of picking up new songs off YouTube guitar how to videos and am even writing my own orginals with confidence !
In my experience the food has been excellent ( for the most part ) .
In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet 's that expressed their sympathy , this hotel did nothing .
In other words , they do not help with suitcases , but they promise totes to help .
In some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care / know better .
In the past , I got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak ( and this was the sirloin ! ) , the sides were drenched with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side .
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .
In the words of my new accountant , THEY LET ME DOWN !
In this day and age , it is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and such far ranging guarantee policies .
In this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .
In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Do n't get jack by big companies that they pay a lot of money to be on top of the list Thanks
In today 's instant world , there 's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late .
Incredibly rude and I will not return to it .
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead .
Is there no other Verizon to go to around Downtown / Dupont Circle 1?!?!?
It 's a cute place with a really friendly , laid - back atmosphere .
It 's a fine place , I 'm just a little mystified about the Michelin star .
It 's a nice , relaxed place to get stuff done and relax .
It 's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money .
It 's a pretty typical primary care office but for the area it 's very good .
It 's an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery goodness .
It 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like Scharffen Berger , TCHO , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?
It 's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting .
It 's historical for Sf , so when your aunte comes for a visit , take her there .
It 's located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building , by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway .
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !
It 's not the classiest place , but it was cleaner than I expected and the staff was very friendly .
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .
It 's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
It 's unfortunate that bmil believed that his ' perfect ' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself .
It 's without a doubt , the best service experience I 've ever had and just to be clear , the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville 's price for putting on the other rear tire .
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .
It actually had a hole in one of the slices .
It also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires !
It came out better than I even imagined .
It clearly had been prepared from fresh ingredients .
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL do n't have my table ( which was NOT cheap , I might add ) .
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .
It hurt very little , felt more like pressure than pain .
It is , surprisingly , near the Blue Water Bridges , some miles to the west of this location .
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!
It is busy every day at lunch for a reason , the service is fast and the food is great .
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .
It is hard to find ... and the mexican food is bland , almost equivalent to eating out of a can .
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .
It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year .
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff , that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach .
It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else .
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented English .
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owner s advice I invested vanguard , got myself a woman like Jerry , and became a republican .
It s been a few years since I have been to Ipanema .
It s the only pizza place I recommend in Woodland Hills .
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .
It taste better than In and Out ....
It tasted like I just flew back home .
It took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it !
It took the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal !
It took them nearly two months to complete a simple task , and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion ( not that it 's a requirement for the job , but it helps to at least pretend to be helpful ) .
It turned out being very good quality tmobile service and I was happy with the new tmobile phone .
It was a Saturday and my spring was broken ...
It was a black female that use to work in the office .
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .
It was late in the day and I was worried I would get charged an arm and a leg and have to wait forever .
It was my birthday and I had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store , but the problem was it was the day before Valentine s and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , Fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .
It would have been more than one could bear !
It's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon !
January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday 's 2 PM class " Beginning Yoga with Brittany . "
Jason and the boys can do about anything you need .
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer .
Joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt , friendly and informative service .
John was here in 45 minutes after I called on a 10 below zero early Sunday morning .
Just curtains and a couple of accessories .
Just received from your flower store .
Just wanted you to know that Eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions .
Kusal Goonewardena and his team of Physios are unbelievable !
Kyle with Bullwark
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .
Le petit is the best place to get your nails done !
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter !
Liberty construction shows up and it 's two guys ... all I get is 100 % sales pitch " We 're the best ... we 're number 50 so we must be doing something right ... look at all these certificates that say we 're great " .
Lied right to my face then denied it .
Like I 'm legitimately concerned at this point ... lol
Like all oil place changes , ask / recommend the 100 other services they have .
Like the girl with the fuse problem ...
Like the previous poster said , the com lines are split between the entire building .
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .
Listened to my problem and took care of it .
Little did I know that I would soon be needing her help as well !
Looks like there 's a lot of talent in this place .
Lots of " pretty people " dining inside .
Lots of collections , many antique light fixtures , Chandeliers , custom lighting etc .
Lots of room for big rig parking .
Lots of rules , phantom innkeeper , last minute price was worth it .
Love my home at Creekside
Loved every bit of it . :)
Lovely Nails on Cayuga St. in Lewiston , NY
Luckily I live very close , so I can abuse it during week - ends ...
Luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on us .
Lucky I had a spare with me !
Lucky Panda in Willis is a billion times better in service and quality of the meal .
Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals .
MFJ Inc transformed our run down back yard into a place of beauty .
MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store .
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate .
Major Awards – Overall Hino dealer of the year .
Make sure to put OILY sauces on your food to make it moist !
Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time .
Many students went to Rutgers , including their top - ranked pharmacy program .
Many thanks from myself and all of our wedding guests !
Marek Dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - If you are into old fashion ( Not Digital ) quality photography this is best place in Long Beach as I think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore I know Marek personaly and I will always recommend him
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tints Ltd , did a very Professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home , Great arrangement Great price !!
Maybe then they will begin to understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service .
Maybe we ordered the wrong dish but my experience here was poor .
Men s and Boys Barbers , on the number 9 Bus route .
Miami 's best tutoring service !
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .
Michael helped shoot the majority of my firm 's website and we could not have been happier .
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless .
Most of all , my daughter loves it !
Moving out as soon as our lease is up .
Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems .
Mrs. Tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism !
My 2004 x - type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade .
My 8 year old daughter loves this place .
My Favorite in McLean
My Favorite place at Wildwood
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!
My apartment was usually quiet .
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia .
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you .
My counseling practice
My daughter and I stayed here again from the 7th to the 14th of December .
My daughter is starting ballet this year for the first time .
My dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
My dogs are far from perfect , and one of them I believe would be a little much for daycare here herself ( at least initially ) .
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa .
My experience was awful though .
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger .
My family and I moved to San Antonio a year ago and have tried almost all of the Chinese Restaurants because we love Chinese food .
My family and I thank you !!!!!!!!!!
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !
My favorite cuban cafe in Orlando
My favorite florist !
My favorite place ...
My favorite place to eat .
My favorite so far in Bellevue .
My fear and discomfort from dental work scared me !
My first visit was so fun yesterday .
My friend and I went there for lunch today .
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night , catch up on our lives evening .
My friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her .
My fries were n't fully cooked last time I went there .
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night , and our experience was amazing .
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we did n't want to wait in line at Outback .
My grandfather passed away silently in his sleep , and my grandmother passed away after a short struggle with cancer .
My hair has never felt this healthy , either .
My hair is uneven and it looks rediculous .
My hair looks amazing , and I get compliments all the time .
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus !
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .
My husband and I happened in on a whim .
My husband has been a professional chef , so he is a good judge of quality food .
My husband just got a bike there as a gift he 's only had it a month .
My infant is content every day when I drop off and pick up .
My insurance company , Blue Cross / Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine .
My nails looked great for the better part of 2 weeks !
My neck is fixed !.
My next - door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light , thankfully scaring the two miscreants away ( they even left their hammer behind ! ) .
My only complaint is the QUESO .
My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .
My point : Even if I was wrong , do n't sit there and argue with the customer .
My post-op treatment was TERRIBLE .
My previous apprehension has been dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due !
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !
My results were just AWFUL .
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew .
My son was able to advance a full two grades within 9 months !
My style is compassionate , nonjudgmental , and caring .
My vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet that did the surgery , So I would not recommend getting that program unless you have an extra hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit .
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .
My wife and kids ca n't get enough .
My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change .
Myself and my fiance 's identity was stolen from the office staff .
NEVER fear going to the dentist again !
NEXT , THERE SHOULD ONLY BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD .
Napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists .
Natasha is the BEST photographer we have ever worked with .
Neither me nor my son have n't had a single cavity since we started dental care there .
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .
Never checked back with us once we got our food .
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong .
Never miss an appointment because they will charge you the price of a treatment , even if you had an emergency .
Next , they tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer .
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .
Nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city .
Nice local pub , excellent food ( especially wings ) , and do n't go if you have a limited amount of time .
Nigel from Nidd Design has always provided a first class service , from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning applications .
No amount of sugar and milk can mask it .
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .
No meat on Burger and too much pepper .
No more having to drive to San Francisco for a great mani pedi .
No need to go to a grocer again .
No problem , sounded like it 's done every day .
No silverware , asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon .
No spraying of pesticides !
Nobody should be spoken to like that regardless of how bad their day may have been or what may be going on in their private lives !
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .
Not good , not great , and again another disappointment in Central Iowa .
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday , they hit the ground moving !.
Not only that , but he told us , via his manager , that it was our responsibility to get up a second time in the middle of the night and call the night staff if the problem continued , even though his manager did nothing the first time to stop the kids .
Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave ... saying it 's the best look I 've ever had .
Not only were my wife and I very pleased , but I also had the air duct quality tested professionally by the home inspector that I regularly use , before and after United Air Duct performed their work .
Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service .
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull .
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery .
Not very welcoming and focused mostly on keeping little kids entertained .
Nothing compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time . -
Nothing too much trouble for Ian , thanks for a great stay .
Nothing wrong with it , just better options at this price point .
Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New Providence .
November 7 , 2010 First time eating at Caffe Bella Italia and it was a wonderful experience .
Now , I wo n't eat fast food Chinese unless it 's from this place .
Now , of course , there 's a new building , with presumably better facilities .
Now , the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal .
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer .
Now I have to be in the area to get some lovin' : sad face :
Now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car .
Now that I live here , this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers !
OMG .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food .
ONe of a few .
Of course , they could n't call him either to ask about it because apparently they do n't keep their employees ' phone numbers ( riiight ) , so I would have to return on Monday ( driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should I get a flat ) .
Of course , they would be closing in 5 minutes , so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day .
Of course I could n't make it back in time ( and they apparently could not stay 5 extra minutes to wait for me ) .
Oh , and salad cream , not mayonnaise , on the coleslaw .
Oh , and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas .
Oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) AND had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' DISPOSAL ' fee .
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford , England .
Okay our room was at times noisy but we were in a mega busy city at an extremely busy time of year .
On August 21st , 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and contracted for HDS to deliver it .
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .
On a recent event quote that I had done , they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .
On call , it takes a day to get our issues resolved .
On one order , we needed it rushed and shipped to a different state .
On the other hand , the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .
On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it ....
Once I actually got back in my car , it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel .
Once I returned to pick up my car , you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting .
Once again , I waited for quite a bit before being attended to .
Once inside , I had to stand around for at least 10 more minutes before -- FINALLY -- a technician got to me .
Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever .
Once they realized their mistake they sent a mechanic and tow truck to my wife 's work and towed it back to fix it .
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else .
One guy is a little surley , but who gives a crap as long as your car 's work is outstanding .
One of my top 5 places to eat in Baltimore .
One of the better vegetarian sandwiches I 've had in Seattle .
One of the worst experiences I 've ever had with a auto repair shop .
One of the worst places
One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry .
One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order .
Only if it is of the quality of That 's Amore .
Only one server , too buys talking with others I guess .
Other shops around this city have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners .
Other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great
Our Wedding 11/7/08
Our bathroom fan , one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed .
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .
Our family has been trusting Doctor Hank with our teeth for the last seven years .
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .
Our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic .
Our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we moved in .
Our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them .
Outside of parking being at a premium , especially on discount days , The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it 's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I 've been in .
Outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price !
Over priced for Mexican food
Over priced for students to learn !
Over telephone , immediate .
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .
Overall , I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase .
Overall , it is very family oriented , and I recommend it to everyone !!!
Overall Hino finance dealer of the year .
Overall they are n't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market .
Overpriced and the doctor acted arrogant and rushed at a time when there was very few clients in the facility .
PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE .
PS ) When we called for a reservation , we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings .
PS I have noticed on here that someone left a comment that " all of the nice comments must come from co workers or friends " and I will tell you that I do n't know these people except from eating at their restaurant .
Papeluna , a cute Mom / Pop custom printing and paper store , just opened a few days ago .
Parking spaces are just big enough for a Mini Cooper .
Paula has an amazing gift for creativity , vision and the ability to combine art to / with commercial purpose .
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .
Perfect since I 'm on a budget .
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .
Perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .
Personally I recommend you take your money elsewhere
Pets Discount has lovely employees , a wonderful grooming service , and everything I need to keep my dog in tip top condition !
Phone calls were n't returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised .
Please do not go there if it 's professional , friendly , diligent medical services you 're looking for .
Please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...
Please pass my appreciation to the Staff and Management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable .
Please update this listing in you database .
Please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com .
Pleasure to work with .
Plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit .
Plus the drinks are self service , have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee , juice or water .
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .
Point is : You might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture -- which I did -- but they 're not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong , you 'll have to fight to get it resolved .
Poor Service , Lack of Passion : Do NOT go
Pretty spendy for really not great quality
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that , but I find the staff more helpful than anything else .
Prices are reasonable , ( Kid s meals are around 4.99 ) and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices , I believe .
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .
Pros : * Jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection , I like !
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .
Quaint , lovely , small salon with BIG personality .
Quality has fallen over the years , but still the best go - to burger place on the East Bay .
Quality of work is sufficient but not outstanding .
Quit with the overstatements !
REAL CHRISTIAN OF YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rate the routes , with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy , moderate , and hard .
Ray 's pizza : my favorite
Rcommended by bees , too !
Re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job .
Recommend you call in for a look .
Remember seeing " Stop Making Sense " at Cinema 21 multiple times !
Removing 90 % of ' sit - abouts ' in main room would look cleaner .
Responsive , kept me apprised of status .
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky
Restored my faith in Mechaincs .
Rich was here before the scheduled time .
Richard Joule and the gang are pros from start to finish .
Right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went .
Right near Chelan .
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation .
Rooms were clean , plenty of things to do near hotel , and safe part of town .
Rules in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash .
Run away .
STAY AWAY !
STAY AWAY !!!
STAY AWAY AS FAR AS POSSIBLE .
Salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .
Sanctuary serves delicious , somewhat healthy food in a great restaurant / fast food style .
Say something like , " Huh .
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .
Schedule your first appointment online !
Scheduled appointment for 8:30 Monday morning .
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .
Seems like all they care about is the money and getting home on time , NO care for the customers AT ALL !!!
Seems to me like A&E charges way more than necessary !
Seriously : do not waste your time .
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .
Service was okay not great , we came for a late lunch .
Seth provides deep tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my neck and shoulders and added flexibility and movement back to the area .
She 's an A + and so are her clothes !
She 's very reachable and she has always responded quickly to any questions or requests .
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .
She basically said if the children getting off the bus are n't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets .
She deep conditioned my hair and took the time to style it properly .
She even went so far as to say " You r calling about one board ? "
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member 's suicide , coupled with elder abuse .
She has a great way with children and is able to capture their personality as well as many spontaneous images .
She has always been there for Gracee even for last minute calls !
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .
She immediately went to the back , brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot .
She is a super sweet , lovable and well - informed woman with a great sense of humor .
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .
She is and excellent doctor to have on one 's team .
She is caring , punctual , and very enthusiastic about her job !
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .
She makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world .
She may be the reason for all the change .
She probably does not even have 10 % of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area .
She really listens to what it is you would like to achieve , and I am very happy with my results .
She says , Is that 17th like over past broad .
She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing - but he could do the repair on Sunday !
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .
She talks to you at each appointment .
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .
She worked with us for over a year , helping us find our perfect home .
Sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank
Shop local at Exile !!
Short of that , avoid this place , as a silver Marriott member , this is a disgrace .
Shuttle available to a private beach area with food / drinks / towels .
Sierra was my stylist and i love what she did .
Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc .
Since I 'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village , I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers .
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .
Since they consider this an upgrade , they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room .
Since this is an alternative therapy I always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when I feel that is appropriate .
Slice Pizza at former Britt 's Location
Slowest , Unfriendly Sstaff on Weekends
Small Firm with Great Service
Snacks : uninspired bread , tea backs , and individual coffee things for a machine that did n't exist .
So , as I was leaving I asked for the designer / dress name or style number associated with my top picks .
So Handy for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers
So I brought the car back the second day .
So I figure if they do n't want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I 'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customers once they have your money !!!
So I got just my other rear tire replaced .
So I pointed this out to him , at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock .
So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern .
So I say : I 'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?
So I still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially .
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!
So confused at the payment area .
So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeks , we brought the car back again .
So from $ 55 to $ 260 ?
So here we are in Manson .
So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .
So totalling $ 212 just for start before any work started .
So we did n't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night .
So what was the point of the appointment !?!
So yes , I would n't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs , Thank you Just Autos for your help .
Some of the nicest people and very good work standards
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .
Somehow , since she supposedly does n't know any names of designers / dresses , after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing , she knew " exactly which dress " I was referring to and disagreed with my observation ; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on .
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked .
Sorry for interrupting I guess .
Staff is super friendly , treat you as a friend .
Staff is very friendly they treat you like a human being and not just another patient .
Stay away from Kids First West Chester .
Stay away from this dealership !!!
Stayed here for 2 nights .
Stayed in the Seaview room here in December 2009 !
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .
Steve .... proud Range Rover Sport owner ( with rear tints )
Stylish and contemporary , no matter your size or personality type .
Such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and beverage right around corner .
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .
Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?
Sure enough he charged it to the credit card .
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .
Surprisingly , this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I 've found in the Tampa area .
Susanna is the best dress maker / tailor I 've ever come across in my whole life !
T 's has been a North County landmark for thirty years and with good reason .
TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS , THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES .
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .
THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUT TA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS !!!!
THEY HAVE EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS FOR A FAIR PRICE AND SO IS THE GRILL ORDERS .
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE , I GUARANTEE IT .
Ten minutes later , I took my car down the street and it passed the emissions test with flying colors .
Thank - You for sharing your cottage !
Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from in this city .
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances .
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally .
Thank you again for great customer service !
Thank you for fixing the leak on my bathroom !
Thank you for helping me get more healthy !
Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth .
Thanks Bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family that evening .
Thanks Dan and Johnette for your responsiveness and professional service .
Thanks For A Great Job
Thanks For The Prompt Service And Great Job You And Your Boys Have Done On Our New Solar System , The Panels On The Roof Look Great And The Power We Are Putting Back In To The Grid Is Great , Great Job Thanks
Thanks From Bill
Thanks for Bright Star Tours .
Thanks for doing such great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great !
Thanks for fixing my garage door A ++++++++++++++++++
Thanks for following me around the store
Thanks for the great care !!!!
Thanks for the great deal and the great car !
That 's 3 x worse than Qwest DSL 's lowest speed offering !
That 's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .
That 's my favorite show of all time .
That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .
That did it for me .. no more Raina 's .
That little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .
That was 4 years ago .
The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull .
The Bad : I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .
The Best Breakfast in Solana Beach !
The Chili Relleno .. had no batter on it .
The First time I walked in there with my teacup chihuahua puppy I knew I 'd be here a lot .
The Inn touts a shower with dual shower heads , but only one worked .
The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life .
The address is for Noida Location not for Gurgaon Location .
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle .
The affordable rent makes it possible for an inspired chef to serve his high quality fare at affordable prices !
The animals were all very sweet and patient with her .
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers .
The apartments are within walking distance to Trader Joe 's , Whole Foods , and other stores .
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but , the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .
The atmosphere is your typical indie outfit with old movie posters and memorabilia from the 70's and 80's .
The atmosphere may not be for everyone .
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .
The best Supermarket in Bay Ridge have everything what a customer needs .
The best Thai food I 've ever had in Australia , very fresh and so much favor of authentic Thai .
The best climbing club around .
The best company in Phuket for creating website and e-commerce website .
The best darlington has to offer in contemporary sandwicheering .
The best in the area !
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .
The best photographer in Miami
The best pilates on the Gold Coast !
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best
The best there is in service .
The best value I 've found from a Chinese restaurant .
The cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time .
The chicken cordon - blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for the money .
The classes cover all age and skill ranges , with BALLROOM , LATIN , SEQUENCE , STREET , DISCO , LINE DANCING , BALLET , TAP & JAZZ .
The comment below definitely needs to be retracted !
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap
The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future .
The craziest part is that they are n't even based locally at the city I 'm in - they just have ' teams ' in areas through the country .
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .
The crust was lopsided , thicker on one side than the other .
The customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture .
The dealer wanted $ 1300 to fix that and another $ 1500 to fix some other things .
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .
The desk agent actually argued with me , claiming that no such alarm had gone off ( as if I would make that up ? ) .
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .
The door is easy to use and it keeps the cold out during the winter .
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients / doctors .
The duck was a 65 % glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
The education is horrible at best , do society a favor , and do NOT send your student here .
The email confirmation ( which I read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .
The employees make you feel very comfortable and are very helpful , whether you are very knowledgeable or do n't know anything at all about wine .
The entire negotiation took about 20 minutes .
The equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!
The excellent windows have performed without any problems , but that 's not why I 'm writing my review .
The experience with every department has been great .
The facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal .
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together .
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .
The following Friday , I returned with my car to go ahead and replace the other 3 tires , which were worn .
The food is cooked fast by the two chefs on duty .
The food tasted like rat feces
The food was good , and so was our waitress .
The fries are of good quality , the staff is friendly .
The front staff has seen quite a bit of turnover and changed from professional to rude .
The gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the catalogue and of the highest standard .
The girl at the desk was sooo rude I could not believe it !
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting .
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .
The intruders slit the screen of the window .
The investors put big bucks into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience .
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .
The kind of support they provide is simply great !!!
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .
The lesson was donated by the teacher Adz .
The lowest bed here is better than my last salon s highest level .
The lunch specials are more food than most people can eat for about $ 6 .
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff , esp. Edwin , are just wonderful .
The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless .
The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I 'm a bit surprised by other comments .
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .
The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor , especially for being a special NYE menu .
The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our car s problems , he explained the problem and was very up front and honest , it was towed to the workshop as the gearbox was not working ( he explained it better ) .
The menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters .
The motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ;-)
The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn , but advertised all over NY / NJ , including Fort Lee .
The neon lighting sign still said " on " yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch , more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they 'd be open tomorrow .
The new Centre has 4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in Kingston upon Hull .
The next day , no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in .
The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing , engine is junk .
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!
The night I drove back home , I found that the rear window has some leakage .
The office is shared with a foot doctor and it 's very sterile and medical feeling , which I liked .
The office refused my requests to see what they got from BC / BS .
The one - star review from 2005 is out of date .
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking !
The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin , sometimes I could here my neighbors conversations .
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it .
The other ladies had a similar experience , both had nail polish on a couple of toes .
The other person working at the store did n't know that I still had this table coming .
The other rolls were n't at all special , especially given their pricing .
The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .
The owner is a pleasant guy and I would trust my car with him or any of his workers .
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .
The owners are really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic ) is great .
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .
The paint and wheels looked like glass and the interior looked new !
The pastor at this church is cool , I met him after some holiday service .
The people at Gulf Coast Siding were very easy and clear to work with .
The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice , but I was disappointed with their customer service .
The person went to go check with the manager , who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there .
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .
The pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling , playing music and do who - knows - what in the dark corners of the pool .
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk , where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .
The portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .
The portions were generous enough that we even took some home !
The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places , plus he showed me the work he did when I came in to pick up the car .
The program has been a postive experience for my children .
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her .
The reason I go back is because the employees are sooooo nice . ”
The restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in Geelong ... just love it
The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor , but they put us on the 3rd .
The salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .
The sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at .
The sales staff and the installation staff were all easy to get along with .
The second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E does not ) .
The selection of meats , veggies and sauces is awesome too !
The server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been , acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers .
The service at Instep was great !!
The service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished .
The service here is incredible compared to the other places .
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen TV playing football .
The service was also excellent - friendly , helpful and informative without being overbearing .
The service was just about as good as I 'd get in NYC ( that means it was poor ) and the food was almost mediocre .
The service was ok , our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times .
The sessions were nice and I felt relaxed after them but did not notice any changes with my cycles .
The setting feels like a Sushi bar in NYC ; small , cozy , but with flair .
The shop is located just off the river road .
The staff , material provided , infra structure , environment & low fees totally above the satisfactory mark
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .
The staff get to know regulars and do their job very well .
The staff in Allentown are friendly , helpful and a delight to know ..
The staff is very pleasant and my hair is always fresh .
The staff taking your order and " waiting " on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all .
The staff was friendly , especially the front desk female supervisor , and seemed to want to help , but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again .
The staff was very helpful , and gave us good advice on day and night time activities .
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina .
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .
The staff will not even answer the phone for take out .
The statement about " best hamburguers in town " can be even amplifiaed to " best hamburguers in world " Totally worth , juicy , big , fresh , and excellent customer service !
The store is clean , run very professionally and a pleasure to be in .
The store manager , Jim Smith , made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus .
The store was decorated with furnishings & accessories .
The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients .
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death !
The team who work there are helpfull , friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice .
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse , which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium .
The thing is , you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates !
The trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding .
The truth is , in my and my dining partners ' experience , this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food .
The waiters are like no other ...
The waiting staff is beyond impeccable ( they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom ) .
The waiting staff is really friendly , it s like every one knows each other , the manager is really sweet and the food .. well no complaints from me .
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .
The weekend was perfect in every way , in large part to Sue and her great staff .
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager .
The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .
The work was completed within one week , and everything was cleaned up on completion .
The workers sped up and down the street with no mind to the small children playing .
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .
Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had .
Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted .
Their Thali was not brought out as described ( no saag ) .
Their customer service was perfect !
Their food and sweets are awesome .
Their items are very unique , great quality , great prices .
Their location , the northwest corner of S. 10th & Federal Sts. , is now home to Slice Pizza .
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .
Their quote came in at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part .
Their selection is random , so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store .
Their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable .
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .
Their service sucks to start off with , people are cruel and ignorant .
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .
Their store is dusty , dirty and feels like you 're stepping into the 1970s .
Their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me .
Then , the more power they gave to Linda , the worse the place got .
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .
Then , they sold me overpriced stuffs , such as oil tank cap , so that my car can pass it right away .
Then , when we moved out , we cleaned the apartment top to bottom , they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees ( and we never got our deposit back ) and past utilities ( that were already paid , we have check numbers and records of this ) .
Then I got a bill for $ 483.00 .
Then again , for the three of us who dined together , two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more , and licking the hummus from our fingers ( and yes , those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three - person order ) .
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .
Then one day , Ahmed left the country , not to return for months , WITHOUT informing me .
Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door .... right next to the ice machine .
There 's a restaurant nearby ( walking distance ) with a great breakfast , and a market across the street .
There 's holes everywhere in the ceiling , sewage constantly leaks through the ceiling , and the whole condition of the school is horrible .
There 's no excuse for that kind of estimate .
There 's plenty of parking , and I 've never had an issue with audience members who wo n't stop talking or answering their cellphones .
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .
There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500 !
There are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more .
There are plenty of good dentists in Fernandina .
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do n't . waste your time here .
There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment !!!!!
There could have ( hopefully does n't have ) major damage to the engine .
There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you 'd like .
There is no lower rating for Noonan 's Liquor , owners and employees .
There is something wrong or maybe the individual made a mistake but to me that is not integrity .
There must be a better mexican place in Rockland .
There s a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .
There was a change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly .
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .
There were 2 in our group , and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class .
There were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2 , no linens for sofa bed .
There were 3 names before us .
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman .
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .
There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning .
These guys do great work at VERY reasonable prices .
These guys know what they 're doing and helped me in all phases of our project .
These guys took Customer Service 101 from a Neanderthal .
These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance .
They 're our favorite pizza place to order from ... and they 're a local , family owned company !
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !
They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee .
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms .
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .
They always ask if you have meat in your dish , ( for vegetarians like me ) , they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook .
They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything .
They are also quick at getting your order out to you .
They are and always will be the nicest people in Sicily that you will meet .
They are by far the best salon in 50 miles , Trust me I know !!
They are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .
They are especially rude to women .
They are honest about ' immediate ' concerns versus ' recommended ' repairs and have very fair prices .
They are like family .
They are preparing my older son for kindergarten and looks forward to seeing his teacher and friends every day .
They are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .
They are very good teachers and nice people to meet here .
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect .
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why !!!
They came on time and completed their work quickly .
They came through on all of their promises and we had a very successful day .
They came to my house in no time and started working on the gate .
They close whenever they feel like it , often well before their listed closing time .
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .
They count the cans in the trash to make sure .
They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing .
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .
They did that with no problem .
They do have a good selection of fabric and notions .
They do n't care one bit about you !!!!!
They do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .
They do n't seem to be interested in selling cars .
They do n't speak the best English but enough to get by .
They either : a ) do n't want to give it to me because they do n't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie STEALING other designers ' dress designs and " filling the orders " by their own seamstresses ) .
They even want to go to school on the weekends !!
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty .
They had a room with a $ 99 rate , which I booked .
They had the work done in about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy .
They have a customer for life in us !
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains .
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices .
They have all kind of coupons available for car washes , oil changes , state inspection , etc .
They have always done a great job at a reasonable price .
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help .
They have been my only " go - to " resource since we first did business together .
They have fresh flowers , lasted a long while in the vase , and the two ladies at the shop know the business well .
They have good sushi for a good price .
They have messed up my order and .... The food was just not good !
They have restored my faith in Mechanics .
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services .
They helped about three other people before they offered to help me again .
They interviewed me , gave me tests in the software I included on my resume , and placed me in a position that I kept for several years .
They just really know their stuff !
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right .
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .
They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .
They may look young but do n't let that fool you , as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected .
They might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .
They must also get something to keep take - out warm , so it 's not room temperature at best when you get it home .
They offer a good portions at a great price , it 's enough food to fill you up , but you do n't ever feel like you ate too much .
They offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs .
They offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .
They pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise .
They promised it 'd be done within an hour , so I waited in the lobby .
They said it was " plugs and wires " and quoted me $ 330 to do the work , including parts .
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .
They say no , Warwick in New Jersey , Call New Jersey .
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .
They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate .
They set out to exceed your expectations .
They specialize in financial institutions , medical , and retail projects .
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time .
They still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number .
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !
They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles .
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .
They tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW 330i in Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it , then they came out , took off my tire ( it was a runflat - but runflats do n't do you any good if they blow out ) , and brought it to their shop to change the tire .
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it wo n't hurt my score .
They walked me through all the steps involved in the the installation project so that there were no surprises .
They want to squeeze as much as they can from you even if you just got in a car accident !!!!
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .
They were back quickly considering how far outside of Murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6:30 that evening .
They were sent to our second room and had been opened -- the ribbon - wrapped present , and all 3 envelopes .
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .
They were very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork .
They were very polite , eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence .
They were very professional , respectful , completed the Job on time , and well below my budget .
They wo n't have a second chance from me .
They worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved .
This French born , French trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh , locally sourced , fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations .
This can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time .
This company is overpriced for their services .
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it .
This cottage is a charming homely , friendly , place to stay .
This could n't be farther from the truth .
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
This hotel is adequate enough , but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management .
This is THE premier university in Virginia .
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .
This is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system .
This is a great place to get a permit
This is a great place to shop .
This is a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!
This is a perfect place to get your hair done .
This is a shame of my adorable town , Branford .
This is by far the BEST B&B that we have ever stayed at !
This is by far the best run dealership in Miami .
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner .
This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket
This is my favorite coffee store .
This is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch .
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too .
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .
This is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be !!
This is the original Ham 's restaurant , expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more .
This is the very best in the Gables .
This little drip offered no apologies whatsoever , and even refused to give me the name of the manager until I pressed him for it 3 times .
This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order from .
This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie .
This place has the best baby and children s clothes .
This place is about healing , not making a buck .
This place is awesome , with a great ambiance and cool décor , and the food is scrumptious ( and especially their signature banana split ) .
This place is clean and well run with great people .
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .
This place is the opposite of QuikTrip : crappy in every way .
This place may have been something sometime ; but it way past it " sell by date " .
This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant “ no reservation , sign your name here ” .
This store is by far the worst Verizon store I 've been in .
This store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising .
This was a flavorful , enjoyable meal for both of us .
This was a less than impressive experience at Trio 's .
This was after I brought the car !!!! !
This was back between '05 and '09 and I do n't remember how many times we 've had it delivered .
This was nothing like New York style pizza !!!.
This was our first visit to your studio .
This woman should be working in supercuts ... if that .
Though they are mostly excellent , you generally do n't get enough forkfuls to know if you really love them .
Three weeks ago , burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home .
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i did n't want to go thru that ...
To add insult to injury , he refused to refund our money .
To date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one .
To make a order you may have to go to back of line .
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !
To my surprise $ 20 deposit .... New movies not on shelf .. under the counter for Telugu Speaking people only ... or people who spend $ 30 or more groceries ..
To warn you to stay away from this place just is n't enough .
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but I was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .
Today we went for a party ( during lunch , so the place was empty ) with about 25 other people .
Tonight , I called several times with no answer ( Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm ) and finally drove there to place my order in person .
Took 1 + hour to deliver to Chatham , hair in food , driver did n't know area .
Took a laptop in for a video cable to be replaced .
Took my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy .
Top range of bike , cheap prices , excellent a +++
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality , but I certainly do .
Travelled 40 mins after calling to see if a product was in stock .
Treat yourself and go -- you will go back !
Tried Crust on Broad on 3 occasions .
Trust me , you go there once and you -ll always go back !
Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer
Try their weekend " tastings " which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .
Turns out the engine had no oil , and when oil was put it , it would just run out of the filter .
Twice for dinner and once for lunch Absolutely rude service every time !
Unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon !!!
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this .
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .
Unlike Saratoga .
Update : I had to add to my review .
Upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged : a piece of wood was broke on the headboard ; the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs ; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall ; and a nighstand was missing a drawer .
Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale , purchase and returns was never easy before .
Used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their professionalism ( received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm details ) and the subsequent delivery of my gift ( To Split , Croatia ) was as requested .
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .
VCU also offers high - rise living for students and professors , and the historic yet fixed - up houses in the Fan are also available to students , professors , or even people wanting to live in a safe , viable community .
VCU has the # 1 art school in America , and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling .
VCU is also minutes from Downtown Richmond , Canal Walk , Carytown , Stony Point , Short Pump , and the VCU Medical Center .
VISAKHA INDUSTRIAL GASES PVT. LTD. , location at google maps .
Very Informative website with a lot of good work
Very affordable ( do n't call it cheap ) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work .
Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well , I thought that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work , obviously they do not !
Very efficient at treating chronic pain !
Very friendly and ALWAY contactable even at weekends .
Very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm There was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied , once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyone s attention .
Very good with my 5 year old daughter .
Very hard work from the boys in blue there !
Very high pressured sales and with the reviews of many others bad service .
Victim of hard times and I suspect failing corporate management .
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY , THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE .
Wait staff is always ready to help if you ca n't decide ( which happens every time for me d / t the huge menu of rolls ) and always courteous !
Walgreens on University
Walked in and was out ta there in 10 mins with a really good deal i thought i was going to be paying a lot because i had a DUI but with my DUI and Sr - 22 they were able to get me the best deal out there .
Walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed .
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .
Was quoted $ 55 all inclusive of grinder inserts , etc .
Was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker .
Watch out for your wallet
Watch out for your wallet !
We 'll be back often .
We 've had about 5 repairs done on 3 different laptops .
We 've only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response .
We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job every day .
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls .
We appreciated her patience , knowledge and kindness !
We are absolutely confident that Stuart 's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow , and our business will reap the rewards of this program .
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago .
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window .
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .
We at R&L Plumbing Services are pleased with your professionalism and the extra mile you went to get out computers working correctly , you will be our first call if anything happens again and we will refer you to other people with computer issues .
We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it !!
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close .
We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great B&B ... especially my 4 year old , who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies , and has talked about them since we left !
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room .
We decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
We even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests .
We go over about 5 times a year .
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !
We got there , and we were treated to the free " upgrade " of a room with two double beds .
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "
We got upgraded to a corner suite !
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .
We had a great stay , your service was excellent and we will use you again !
We had a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time .
We had been evaluating SEO providers for quite some time and finally decided to take the plunge with Stuart , and Ulistic .
We had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can .
We had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs , with multiple hoods and access to good equipment ; nice gymnasiums , and a well - funded music department ( I was in the guitar ensemble ) .
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible .
We have Hobby Lobby , Just for Fun Fabrics , Walmart , and Interior Mall just inside Barling .
We have already recommended you to some of our friends !
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....
We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards , posters , etc .
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act .
We have had nothing but compliments on our bathroom when guest come over - who would have guessed that one ?
We have never had a bad experience buying from Edmark .
We have never had a problem with the cabins .
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .
We have stayed at Tanglewood for many years now .
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .
We have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with Qualitech Computers !!!
We have used them for plumbing & A / C and they are affordable and get the work done right .
We have utilized Mr. Pozza and his firm twice now in our family and both times have been very pleased .
We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos .
We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I 'm extremely happy with the whole thing .
We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed .
We live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets go to Dr. Mann for surgical procedures and came back dead .
We live within 20 miles of the hotel and wanted to get away from our responsibilities for the night .
We lived here for 2 years , the first year or so was okay .
We love everything about the fence .
We love our new roof !
We made the decision for a couple of reasons .
We met a couple of weeks later , Ted was late .
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .
We orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .
We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean .
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way !
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again .
We returned after 3 PM , found no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room .
We sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .
We signed our name in about 6:00 pm .
We stopped in and got some take out and can not stop going back .
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .
We took it back in to have it repaired again , and less than a week later the second compressor went out .
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead .
We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning .
We tried 4 different style of donuts , they were all the same when it came to quality .
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia 's on Greenfield Ave .
We waited until 2:25 PM and then left .
We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff .
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .
We went through six photographers to find the right photographers that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and Michael and his team made that happen .
We went to Kobey s on Saturday and had our whole team s uniforms done !
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes .
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .
We were booked at the Sheraton with a number of other out - of - town wedding guests .
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal , and accessibility to the Jazz Club .
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies , but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash .
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .
We were in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .
We were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started .
We were standing in the store for 20 minutes to simply pick up an order .
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual .
We were very happy how clean looked our windows .
We will be back again and again !!
We would highly recommend Stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa Valley .
We would highly recommend the El Paradero on your next trip to Santa Fe !
We would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in Morningside Road today .
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
Well , again , I am now faced with a tax bill of $ 6,000 + , all due on April 15 , 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is ' well , you wo n't have to pay a penalty . '
Well , not much I can say except I 'm very disappointed with this experience .
Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .
Well - when you pay over $ 1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good !!!
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?
Well I was in for a treat when I was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my wife and I would like to sit in their " new " dining room .
Well done to Anthony and the team !
Well done to Brendan and the team !
Well done to Jason and the team !
Well kept facility with friendly staff .
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around .
Well they came through and delivered almost all of my items within a few days .
Well we have been working with Ulistic for 1.5 months , and have 100 people following our site on Facebook , and our web site , www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic , which is significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional .
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .
Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks ... place is awesome .
Went to the school here OVER PRICED !!!!!!
What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring .
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .
What a joy to stroll off historic Canyon Road in Santa Fe into a gallery with a gorgeous diversity of art .
What a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one would n't expect it .
What kind of rude service is that ?
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .
What you can learn from the below ' bad experience ' .
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .
Whatever type of operation they are running , I 'm not interested and if you 're smart , you wo n't be either .
When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11 , I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager , Gustavo Guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .
When I called the manager to complain , she said she KNEW the guy did n't know about curtains and that the usual lady called in sick hours earlier !
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!
When I inquired he rudely replied " in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . "
When I originally joined in January I only did so because I was told I would be able to cancel the 12 month membership if I was to move away .
When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !
When in Scordia , Sicily
When it came time to pay the bill up front , they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip ( which I have done with any other restaurant I 've gotten a gift certificate for . )
When my server crashed , Greg worked from 7 PM until 4 AM and had my company up and running the next morning .
When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars , now for their poor customer follow - up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one - star in my opinion !
When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .
When the next hailstorm blows through , I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .
When we arrived at 5 , and left circa 7 , there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us .
When we called the front desk about an extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside our door quite late at night , it seemed to take the hotel staff quite a while to quiet them down .
When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !
When we expressed our discontent to the manager ( that 's right , the manager ) , did he say he would return some money , did he say he would give a discount on our next visit , did he just say " I 'm sorry " .
When we walked in , the person behind desk said : " oh well , you must wait , I am in the middle of something . "
When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !
Where else can you go for $ 10 and recieve this treatment ?!
Whereas my answer to the question " Where do you get your laundry done ? " used to be , " At the checkout line at WalMart , " I can honestly say the answer now is , " At The Laundry Tub . "
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .
While I hope I do n't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do I 'll definitely use this firm again .
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels
While there was n't too much available for their age ( ball pit , bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on ) , we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter weekday and ended up being the only ones there , so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there .
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing .
Will be a repeat customer with discount coupons .
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .
Will use again in the future .
Wish this was in Saratoga --
With a Pizza Hut , IHOP , 3 Starbucks , Chili s , Panera , and Chipotle on campus ALONE , VCU has some of the best eating options for students .
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .
With all the child predators out there , a busy road , cars speeding by ...... and you are going to let some 4 / 5 year olds wonder around cause you 're money hungry ?
With higher than average prices to boot !
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in .
Without a doubt the best place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict .
Wonderful , inexpensive and lots of fun !
Wonderful service for large group
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA , so I did not know what to expect .
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .
Worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
Would 100 % recomend to others for a great service .
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go somewhere else .
Would do business with them again .
Would highly recommend to anyone requiring overseas gift delivery .
Would n't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper .
Would not recommend I Was in a fair amount of pain for several weeks .
YES , I am west of broad .
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .
Yes my G 1 screen is back working .
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners .
You 'll have to drive 10 miles down 75 to Allen .
You 're at 7th .
You 've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home .
You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile .
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .
You ca n't go wrong with Tuesday prices , even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedians !
You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .
You can see different treatments that a surgeon ca n't see , so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do .
You charge SO MUCH , yet you use the same grounds over and over again .
You company and services will be recommended by us to everyone . "
You do n't have to sit and wait around forever like most places !!
You have been awarded the converted Hino Dealer of the Year !
You have to bring in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you do nt then you can graduate !
You have to pay CASH ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination .
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt .
You say you work a lot , and that you have a young dog ; so I have little doubt that your dog is just filled with energy to burn ; and it is good of you to look for a place to take him .
You should give her a try - it 's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting !!!!
You were clearly given another alternative by Second Home , to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple times , getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later .
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture , that I have fallen in luv with .
You will also have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language .
You will be happy at this store !
You will find the same to be true for you .
You will not be disappointed with her work !!
You wo n't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table .
Your children will be taken care of and loved by a professional staff .
absolutely fantastic experience getting my iphone upgraded at Zion ...
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .
all of the pho places taste the same to me , so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price .
also , you can call em ahead of time , and then go to pick up ur food , or have it delivered ** .
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .
and hopefully you do not know the same people because he tells others about you payment status .
and most correctly , us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife .
and sometimes karma can manifest itself on a bad review on Google .
and there prices are really good !
and you will go back for more !!!
answered all my questions , and called me back when I needed something .
as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household ?
best place for snowboard eva .
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I called A CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services .
best square slice around .
but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Purple Goose 's prices are reasonable ( for the SAME products found at other area boutiques , the prices were 20 - 25 % cheaper ) .
but sice we almost just slept there i ca nt give that good of a review
can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles .
do NOT bring your car here
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude .
excellence in glasgow
excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!
from start to finish they were top notch .
good outside , bad inside
great knowledge and prices compared to anyone in the industry .
grey shirt " mark " of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someon else s clothing .....
he says : Why you tell me you r in WARWICK TOWNSHIP ?
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .
home team - thanks 4 playin !!!
i 'll be coming back for years to come !
i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...
i could n't be more happier with the way my garage looks .
i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady ( who claimed to be a manager ) said my food was on the way , and she did nt offer to compensate me in any kind of way .
i made the mistake of buying from these thieves .
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold .
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .
i was very pleased with the service .
i went there since i was four .
i wish the other utilities i had to set up had people to work with like this ..
i wo nt go back !
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car .
if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .
if you want good pizza , go to famoso .
in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector , and anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian restaurant .
it 's passable as a pub , but the pizza is not that great .
it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger .
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !
it s like a pizza roll , but they just toss ham and cheese inside .
it seems like it s healthier too , but it s prolly not .
it usually takes 20 mins for a mezza luna , as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix .
it was a little to high dollar for me
kudos to Allentown Post Office staff
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .
long lines on the weekends but worth it
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .
moving with a pod was the best moving experience i have had .
my experience with them was great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .
no place to seat
not only is this place too expensive for what it is , it s horrible !
not sure how I feel about that one .
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?
prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving school in edmonton , but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street , hence I took one 90 minute lesson from the Noble driving school to learn the skill of changing lane , and found them very friendly and professional .
quick in & out .
really amazing the new and exciting plays done at this theatre !
really weird place , I was driving home from work thought I 'd stop in for an oil change and well , there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze .
remember to ask for extra vege
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .
seriously , can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat ?
she did nt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it !
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .
thanks guys goes really well and thaks 4 the cheap price ..
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .
the bast cab in minneapolis
the food was horrible not cooked like it should be , they got the order wrong on a number of occasions , and once forgot about my order .
the knights inn was small very small . i mean 1 room in every room ! it was cozy a little and a small tv .
the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding parking in chinatown .
the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful .
the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money .
the team at barton car wash was very friendly .
the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .
the waitress took my name and then called me that all night .
their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls .
their pizza was a little salty for me , but it s still good .
there might be bigger and more well known bagel places in the area but Family Bagels are nice people , small shop and incredibly friendly .
they are the best orthodontics in the world .
they do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for + 32 delicious .
they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an hour .
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile ...
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .
this dentist want to pull the tooth out always .. always wants to do the cheapest for his benefit .. not unless he knows you .
this is a great park to have kids birthday parties at !!
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff
too many bugs some you even never seen before .
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .
went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him back to get evened up what a mistake !
wow , the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account set up .
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .
you get a really good view of the city and there is also attractions like simulator , short movies .
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .
